A Game has Players

Players are on teams

The DSL should be able to define arbitrary properties for players
    These may either be classes of cards
    or numeric values (points, life, etc)

A game has rules

Players may have a hand, a personal deck, a personal discard pile,
    cards in front of them

A game may have a global deck, a global discard pile, a global removed
    from game zone

Rules define various Actions players can perform and the Conditions
    under which those Actions are valid.
    These conditions can define both things
    that must be true for an action to be valid and things that
    prohibit an action from being valid.

Rules define conditions how the game can be lost or won

Rules have an associated deck

A deck has an ordered list of cards
Decks can be face up or face down.

Are all groups of cards decks? Only some? 
    Some decks can be drawn from

Rules define the sequence of play
    There are potentially Turns.
    and/or
    the ability to respond to events 
        (think Bang's Indiani or MTG's stack  "in response...")
            In Bang, cards can force responses from one person or everyone,
            which is relatively simple. It would be a bit harder to think
            of a good interface for a game like MTG where a player _can_
            respond to almost anything but doesn't _need_ to respond to most
            things. I suppose "Enter to ack each action" wouldn't be too
            tiresome

Playing a card requires some Action and has some Effect
        (discarding the card, tapping X lands, using 3 coin)
    it's not clear to me if this belongs in the rules or as part
    of the definition of the cards. It seems like it would be useful
    to be able to describe a deck 52 cards once, and only change the
    rules to switch from Hearts to Go Fish

Turns have Phases

Drawing moves cards between Locations
    can be an affect of a card (wells fargo) 
        or a routine part of a turn (topdecking)
    has an amount (1 card, 2 cards)
    has a source (player's deck, global deck, discard pile)
    has a destination (player's hand)


Card:
    Name
    TextRepresenation
    GraphicalRepresentation
    Class (Suit/color/type (money/action/victory pt))
    Affect (May belong in Rules)
    location: (Player's) deck | (Player's) hand | (Player's) discard
                | inFrontOfPlayer | Being played
        These locations make affect a card's Visibility (who can see it)
    Cost: (2CRG in magic, or 3 coin in dominion)
        Should this be part of the card, or part of the rules around
        playing the card?

Shuffling is an action (source deck, target deck, locationToPlace)        
